I'm a Web Developer building the Front-end of Websites and Web Applications that leads to the success of the overall product. Check out some of my work in the Work page. I also like sharing content related to the stuff that I have learned over the years in Web Development so it can help other people of the Dev Community. Feel free to connect or follow me on my Linkedin where I post useful content related to Web Development and Programming. Known for my whimsical creations, ability to context switch, and deliver innovative solutions. I'm open to Job opportunities where I can contribute, learn and grow. If you have a good opportunity that matches my skills and experience then don't hesitate to contact me, here is my CV.



I’m a Front-End Developer located in Poland.

Well-organised person, problem solver, independent employee with high attention to detail. Interested in the entire frontend spectrum and working on ambitious projects with positive people.

Typically I'll be digging in with React, architecting CSS in and out of JavaScript. I thrive on bringing ideas to life and delivering eye-catching results ahead of schedule. All whilst possessing a keen eye for design, accessibility, and well-structured code.

I love to learn and have fun while doing it. What makes that even more awesome, is sharing it with you!

Engineer valued for driving high-performance accessible web experiences. I design quality, user-friendly and scalable products regardless of stack.

Delivering highly executed front-end user experiences by paying close attention to the nuances of design, optimization, and performance.


I don’t like to define myself by the work I’ve done. I define myself by the work I want to do. Skills can be taught, personality is inherent. I prefer to keep learning, continue challenging myself, and do interesting things that matter.

Fueled by high energy levels and boundless enthusiasm, I’m easily inspired and more then willing to follow my fascinations wherever they take me. I’m passionate, expressive, multi-talented spirit with a natural ability to entertain and inspire. I’m never satisfied to just come up with ideas. Instead I have an almost impulsive need to act on them.

My abundant energy fuels me in the pursuit of many interests, hobbies, areas of study and artistic endeavors. I’m a fast learner, able to pick up new skills and juggle different projects and roles with relative ease.

You can read more about my biography, experience, skills, education and much more in the PDF attached bellow:

I'm on GitHub, Twitter and Instagram.